Add URL paths to README (#215)
cds-snc/gcds-docs: README.md

- Clone the repo `git clone https://github.com/cds-snc/gcds-docs`.
- Run `npm install` to install all Node.js dependencies.
- Run `npm start` to start a hot-reloading local web server.

> - The site will be accesible on http://localhost:8080/en or http://localhost:8080/fr. You have to append the `/en` and `/fr` as there is no page available at the base url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The site will be accessible on http://localhost:8080/en or http://localhost:8080/fr. You have to append the `/en` and `/fr` as there is no page available at the base url
```

- Copiez le référentiel `git clone https://github.com/cds-snc/gcds-docs`.
- Exécutez ensuite `npm install` pour installer toutes les dépendances Node.js.
- Exécutez `npm start` pour démarrer un serveur Web avec rechargement à chaud.

> - [FR] The site will be accesible on http://localhost:8080/en or http://localhost:8080/fr. You have to append the `/en` and `/fr` as there is no page available at the base url

Reviewer 2: Can you get this translated by Amy or Anik so that this whole section stays in French? You could also try the `traduction-gcds` channel.

> - [FR] The site will be accesible on http://localhost:8080/en or http://localhost:8080/fr. You have to append the `/en` and `/fr` as there is no page available at the base url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Le site sera accessible sur http://localhost:8080/fr or http://localhost:8080/en. Vous devrez ajouter `/fr` ou `/en` en suffixe car il n'y a pas de page disponible à l'URL de base.
```
